Added reload insance method (#322)
adonisjs/docs: 08-Lucid-ORM/01-Getting-Started.adoc

const users = await User.truncate()
----

> == Instance methods

Reviewer: It's already the case

> == Instance methods

Author: But you mentioned 4.0 docs, and I suggested changes in 4.1 last version. There are a lot of reorganization. Check plz

Lucid models come with a bunch of instance methods to do common operations without using the query builder interface.

==== reload
Reload model from database.

> Example use case: you have a model with some hook on creation (eg. set some field to some uuid). To get that value in your model instance object you need to reload model from database.

Reviewer: You got some typo here. 😄 

```suggestion
Example use case: you have a model with some hooks on creation. To get that value in your model instance you need to reload the model from the database.
```
